README.md, before:

# TechnoBureau UI

<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/TechnoBureau/ui"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/TechnoBureau/ui" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/TechnoBureau/ui"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/TechnoBureau/ui" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/TechnoBureau/ui"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/TechnoBureau/ui" alt="License"></a>

## This legacy package is a very simple authentication scaffolding built on the Bootstrap CSS framework. While it continues to work with the latest version of Laravel.

## Introduction

While Laravel does not dictate which JavaScript or CSS pre-processors you use, it does provide a basic starting point using [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/), and / or [Vue](https://vuejs.org/) that will be helpful for many applications. By default, Laravel uses [NPM](https://www.npmjs.org/) to install both of these frontend packages.

## Official Documentation

### Supported Versions

Only the latest major version of TechnoBureau UI receives bug fixes. The table below lists compatible Laravel versions:

| Version | Laravel Version |
|---- |----|
| [1.x](https://github.com/TechnoBureau/ui/tree/1.x) | 8.x |

### Installation

The Bootstrap and Vue scaffolding provided by TechnoBureau is located in the `technobureau/ui` Composer package, which may be installed using Composer:

```bash
composer require technobureau/ui
```

Before executing this ui command execute default laravel/ui command to generate basic authentication scaffolding.
```bash
php artisan ui bootstrap --auth
```

Once the `technobureau/ui` package has been installed, you may install the frontend scaffolding using the `ui` Artisan command:

```bash
// Generate basic scaffolding...
php artisan ui technobureau

// Generate login / registration scaffolding...
php artisan ui technobureau --auth

```

User and authentication are all depended on `mateusjunges/laravel-acl` package, so execute below command to publish configuration file related to that package.
```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="Junges\ACL\ACLServiceProvider" --tag="acl-config"
```

#### CSS

[Laravel Mix](https://laravel.com/docs/mix) provides a clean, expressive API over compiling SASS or Less, which are extensions of plain CSS that add variables, mixins, and other powerful features that make working with CSS much more enjoyable. In this document, we will briefly discuss CSS compilation in general; however, you should consult the full [Laravel Mix documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/mix) for more information on compiling SASS or Less.

#### JavaScript

Laravel does not require you to use a specific JavaScript framework or library to build your applications. In fact, you don't have to use JavaScript at all. However, Laravel does include some basic scaffolding to make it easier to get started writing modern JavaScript using the [Vue](https://vuejs.org) library. Vue provides an expressive API for building robust JavaScript applications using components. As with CSS, we may use Laravel Mix to easily compile JavaScript components into a single, browser-ready JavaScript file.

### Writing CSS

After installing the `technobureau/ui` Composer package and [generating the frontend scaffolding](#introduction), Laravel's `package.json` file will include the `bootstrap` package to help you get started prototyping your application's frontend using Bootstrap. However, feel free to add or remove packages from the `package.json` file as needed for your own application. You are not required to use the Bootstrap framework to build your Laravel application - it is provided as a good starting point for those who choose to use it.

Before compiling your CSS, install your project's frontend dependencies using the [Node package manager (NPM)](https://www.npmjs.org):

```bash
npm install
```

Once the dependencies have been installed using `npm install`, you can compile your SASS files to plain CSS using [Laravel Mix](https://laravel.com/docs/mix#working-with-stylesheets). The `npm run prod` command will process the instructions in your `webpack.mix.js` file. Typically, your compiled CSS will be placed in the `public/css` directory:

```bash
npm run prod
```

The `webpack.mix.js` file included with Laravel's frontend scaffolding will compile the `resources/sass/technobureau.scss` SASS file. This `technobureau.scss` file imports a file of SASS variables and loads Bootstrap, which provides a good starting point for most applications. Feel free to customize the `technobureau.scss` file however you wish or even use an entirely different pre-processor by [configuring Laravel Mix](https://laravel.com/docs/mix).

### Writing JavaScript

All of the JavaScript dependencies required by your application can be found in the `package.json` file in the project's root directory. This file is similar to a `composer.json` file except it specifies JavaScript dependencies instead of PHP dependencies. You can install these dependencies using the [Node package manager (NPM)](https://www.npmjs.org):

```bash
npm install
```

> By default, the Laravel `package.json` file includes a few packages such as `lodash` and `axios` to help you get started building your JavaScript application. Feel free to add or remove from the `package.json` file as needed for your own application.

Once the packages are installed, you can use the `npm run prod` command to [compile your assets](https://laravel.com/docs/mix). Webpack is a module bundler for modern JavaScript applications. When you run the `npm run prod` command, Webpack will execute the instructions in your `webpack.mix.js` file:

```bash
npm run prod
```

By default, the Laravel `webpack.mix.js` file compiles your SASS and the `resources/js/technobureau.js` file. Within the `technobureau.js` file you may register your Vue components or, if you prefer a different framework, configure your own JavaScript application. Your compiled JavaScript will typically be placed in the `public/js` directory.

> The `technobureau.js` file will load the `resources/js/bootstrap.js` file which bootstraps and configures Vue, Axios, jQuery, and all other JavaScript dependencies and `resources/js/bootstrap-select.js` for beautiful select drop down with search option. If you have additional JavaScript dependencies to configure, you may do so in this file.

## License

Laravel UI is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Remove authentication validation on leftside nav

README.md, after:

# TechnoBureau UI

<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/TechnoBureau/ui"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/TechnoBureau/ui" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/TechnoBureau/ui"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/TechnoBureau/ui" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/TechnoBureau/ui"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/TechnoBureau/ui" alt="License"></a>

## This legacy package is a very simple authentication scaffolding built on the Bootstrap CSS framework. While it continues to work with the latest version of Laravel.

## Introduction

While Laravel does not dictate which JavaScript or CSS pre-processors you use, it does provide a basic starting point using [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/), and / or [Vue](https://vuejs.org/) that will be helpful for many applications. By default, Laravel uses [NPM](https://www.npmjs.org/) to install both of these frontend packages.

## Official Documentation

### Supported Versions

Only the latest major version of TechnoBureau UI receives bug fixes. The table below lists compatible Laravel versions:

| Version | Laravel Version |
|---- |----|
| [1.x](https://github.com/TechnoBureau/ui/tree/1.x) | 8.x |

### Installation

The Bootstrap and Vue scaffolding provided by TechnoBureau is located in the `technobureau/ui` Composer package, which may be installed using Composer:

```bash
composer require technobureau/ui
```

Before executing this ui command execute default laravel/ui command to generate basic authentication scaffolding.
```bash
php artisan ui bootstrap --auth
```

Once the `technobureau/ui` package has been installed, you may install the frontend scaffolding using the `ui` Artisan command:

```bash
// Generate basic scaffolding...
php artisan ui technobureau

// Generate login / registration scaffolding...
php artisan ui technobureau --auth

```

This package are depended on few vendor package, so execute below command to publish configuration file related to that package. Please make sure entered as 0 as input when publish command ask for provider or tag
```bash
php artisan vendor:publish
```

#### CSS

[Laravel Mix](https://laravel.com/docs/mix) provides a clean, expressive API over compiling SASS or Less, which are extensions of plain CSS that add variables, mixins, and other powerful features that make working with CSS much more enjoyable. In this document, we will briefly discuss CSS compilation in general; however, you should consult the full [Laravel Mix documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/mix) for more information on compiling SASS or Less.

#### JavaScript

Laravel does not require you to use a specific JavaScript framework or library to build your applications. In fact, you don't have to use JavaScript at all. However, Laravel does include some basic scaffolding to make it easier to get started writing modern JavaScript using the [Vue](https://vuejs.org) library. Vue provides an expressive API for building robust JavaScript applications using components. As with CSS, we may use Laravel Mix to easily compile JavaScript components into a single, browser-ready JavaScript file.

### Writing CSS

After installing the `technobureau/ui` Composer package and [generating the frontend scaffolding](#introduction), Laravel's `package.json` file will include the `bootstrap` package to help you get started prototyping your application's frontend using Bootstrap. However, feel free to add or remove packages from the `package.json` file as needed for your own application. You are not required to use the Bootstrap framework to build your Laravel application - it is provided as a good starting point for those who choose to use it.

Before compiling your CSS, install your project's frontend dependencies using the [Node package manager (NPM)](https://www.npmjs.org):

```bash
npm install
```

Once the dependencies have been installed using `npm install`, you can compile your SASS files to plain CSS using [Laravel Mix](https://laravel.com/docs/mix#working-with-stylesheets). The `npm run prod` command will process the instructions in your `webpack.mix.js` file. Typically, your compiled CSS will be placed in the `public/css` directory:

```bash
npm run prod
```

The `webpack.mix.js` file included with Laravel's frontend scaffolding will compile the `resources/sass/technobureau.scss` SASS file. This `technobureau.scss` file imports a file of SASS variables and loads Bootstrap, which provides a good starting point for most applications. Feel free to customize the `technobureau.scss` file however you wish or even use an entirely different pre-processor by [configuring Laravel Mix](https://laravel.com/docs/mix).

### Writing JavaScript

All of the JavaScript dependencies required by your application can be found in the `package.json` file in the project's root directory. This file is similar to a `composer.json` file except it specifies JavaScript dependencies instead of PHP dependencies. You can install these dependencies using the [Node package manager (NPM)](https://www.npmjs.org):

```bash
npm install
```

> By default, the Laravel `package.json` file includes a few packages such as `lodash` and `axios` to help you get started building your JavaScript application. Feel free to add or remove from the `package.json` file as needed for your own application.

Once the packages are installed, you can use the `npm run prod` command to [compile your assets](https://laravel.com/docs/mix). Webpack is a module bundler for modern JavaScript applications. When you run the `npm run prod` command, Webpack will execute the instructions in your `webpack.mix.js` file:

```bash
npm run prod
```

By default, the Laravel `webpack.mix.js` file compiles your SASS and the `resources/js/technobureau.js` file. Within the `technobureau.js` file you may register your Vue components or, if you prefer a different framework, configure your own JavaScript application. Your compiled JavaScript will typically be placed in the `public/js` directory.

> The `technobureau.js` file will load the `resources/js/bootstrap.js` file which bootstraps and configures Vue, Axios, jQuery, and all other JavaScript dependencies and `resources/js/bootstrap-select.js` for beautiful select drop down with search option. If you have additional JavaScript dependencies to configure, you may do so in this file.

## License

Laravel UI is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).
